---
date: 2018-09-16
location: Kathmandu, Nepal
title: Street lights on my way home
description: The impeccably timed lightening strike on the horizon shakes my already nervous disposition.
draft: false
---

This is what a dystopia must look like. I remember thinking that the
first time I saw the flickering lights on the lamp posts on the
Thapathali bridge. That was a year ago when I was returning home from
work, from Pulchowk to Anamnagar. The bridge in question is the one
that joins Thapathali and Kopundol.

There was a heavy rainfall a few days ago. When I was walking back
home that evening, I paused on the middle of the bridge to see the
grown river. The rain must have given its top performance that day
because I could hear the river growling even though the sound was
suppressed by the stream of vehicles waiting on the bridge for the
traffic jam at Thapathali to clear.

A light on a nearby post starts flickering. The impeccably timed
lightening strike on the horizon shakes my already nervous
disposition. It's about to rain again so I hurry up. I had forgotten
to carry my umbrella that day.

The sidewalks on the bridge are also not of equal width. I wonder who
fucked those measurements up. On a second thought, it was probably
shortened to skim money off of the budget.

I reach Maitighar and take the road that follows along the wall of
Singhadurbar. When I reach Hanumansthan, I am greeted by another pair
of flickering lights. The first one blinks about 4 times per second
and the second one blinks once every 5 seconds approximately. The
first one hurts my eyes, I try to lessen the exposure by closing my
eyes when I'm directly under it. The raining is about to start.

The second light feels like it's counting something, it blinks slowly.
It's probably counting down to the moment when someone is finally
going to notice it's plead for retirement. That is, if it doesn't burn
out before that. Besides, important people don't have to take these
roads, especially on the evening.
